MSR - Fix A5 Tower Exterior + Offworld (#6775)
randovania/randovania: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed: Beam Doors are no longer mismatched with the door they are attached to, which would prevent certain doors from being opened.
- Fixed: Crash when defeating the Larva Metroids in reverse.

### Logic Database

#### Area 5 Tower Exterior

> - Fixed: Incorrect logic to pick up `Missile Tank (Top)` from the top of the room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: Picking up `Missile Tank (Top)` from the top of the room now requires Bombs.
```
